why Chrissy you had to lens cover on so
they will see nothing you bet the camera
don't I figured it out though how do i
get what i figured it out you said it
was all ready to shoot i'm shooting but
don't see nothing ok no one's come on
this pickle going to jump much more
small more lively boy Chuck stop yeah
let that that will not hit the two that
were number at the bottom nice stuff
right there it's a typical size and
they're nice little belly on look a
little fatty yeah
oh that's a slab of daba yeah that sure
is a nice fish hope those came out book
sold them fish of the day you know it's
your only second if second 50 late 10
feet up though yeah be the nice lawn
fish excellent nice job
please put my hand on it
this
this is another pickle nopin it is a
good fish
then let's text healthy fish need you
sweetie get out
catching so deeper water takes a while
feel hella Smalling fly out of the water
to get along
you